Mail (ILIAS10): Improvement of Mail Signature (#6877)
ILIAS-eLearning/ILIAS: components/ILIAS/Mail/PRIVACY.md

- Of course emails delivered externally by "SMTP" or "Sendmail" are the responsibility of the respective email clients.
  - The "FROM" header used for sending external emails is built from the globally configured
  email address and the configured name placeholder, which may include the full name presentation, the firstname and the lastname.

>   - The signature configured in "Administration > Communication > Mail > Settings > External E-Mails > User E-Mails can contain placeholders for user login and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The signature configured in "Administration > Communication > Mail > Settings > External E-Mails > User E-Mails may include the name presentation (the firstname and the lastname) and/or the username of the sender.
```
